docs/build-guide.md, before:

# PicoStepSeq Build Guide

To assemble the PicoStepSeq you will need a flush cutter, soldering iron, solder, and solder flux.

## Parts Needed

For basic USB MIDI functionality:

    1 - "picostepseq" PCB (OSHpark, also see "hardware" directory for gerbers)
    1 - Raspberry Pi Pico (Adafruit, Digikey)
    1 - 0.96" I2C OLED SSD1306 128x64 display (Amazon)
        w/ pins in order GND, VCC, SCL, SDA; some have GND & VCC swapped
    1 - EC11 style rotary encoder w/ switch (Digikey, Adafruit]
    8 - "step switch" w/ built-in LED (Adafruit]
    8 - resistor 1k (R1-R8, 500 ohm also works) (Digikey, Adafruit]
    1 - encoder knob ("Davies 1900" style works well, Adafruit)

For both USB + Serial MIDI, add:

    2 - 3.5mm TRS jack, SJ-3523-SMT-TR (J1,J2) (Digikey)
    1 - 6N138 optoisolator (U2) (Digikey)
    1 - 100n capacitor (C1) (Digikey, Adafruit)
    1 - resistor 10 ohm (R1)
    1 - resistor 30 ohm (R2) (47 ohm also works)
    1 - resistor 220 ohm (R3)
    1 - resistor 4.7k ohm (R4)

## Assembly

To assemble the PicoStepSeq:

1. Start by soldering the Pico headers to the PCB.  You may need a vise or shim to help raise the PCB to keep it stable while soldering.
2. Solder the header for the display to the PCB.
3.

Commit message:

Add header pin / sockets to build guide

docs/build-guide.md, after:

# PicoStepSeq Build Guide

To assemble the PicoStepSeq you will need a flush cutter, soldering iron, solder, and solder flux.

## Parts Needed

For basic USB MIDI functionality:

    1 - "picostepseq" PCB (OSHpark, also see "hardware" directory for gerbers)
    1 - Raspberry Pi Pico (Adafruit, Digikey)
    1 - 0.96" I2C OLED SSD1306 128x64 display (Amazon)
        w/ pins in order GND, VCC, SCL, SDA; some have GND & VCC swapped
    1 - EC11 style rotary encoder w/ switch (Digikey, Adafruit]
    8 - "step switch" w/ built-in LED (Adafruit]
    8 - resistor 1k (R1-R8, 500 ohm also works) (Digikey, Adafruit]
    1 - encoder knob ("Davies 1900" style works well, Adafruit)

For both USB + Serial MIDI, add:

    2 - 3.5mm TRS jack, SJ-3523-SMT-TR (J1,J2) (Digikey)
    1 - 6N138 optoisolator (U2) (Digikey)
    1 - 100n capacitor (C1) (Digikey, Adafruit)
    1 - resistor 10 ohm (R1)
    1 - resistor 30 ohm (R2) (47 ohm also works)
    1 - resistor 220 ohm (R3)
    1 - resistor 4.7k ohm (R4)

For mounting in the 3D printed enclosure:

    2 -  20 pin header sockets
    2 - 20 pin header pins

## Assembly

To assemble the PicoStepSeq:

1. Using your flush cutter, cut 4 pins out of the header socket.
2. Trim the header sockets and header pins to match the Pico.
3. Start by soldering the Pico headers to the PCB.  You may need a vise or shim to help raise the PCB to keep it stable while soldering.
4. Solder the header for the display to the PCB.
5.
